[event-hubs] document logging (#6818)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/README.md

### Enable logs

This library depends on the [@azure/logger](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/logger) package

> to support debug logs.

Reviewer: This line made me think that I as a user need to install this package in order to make use of logging. I would suggest to move this line after the instruction on the environment variable, so that the main crux of this section comes first.

Or better yet, remove this line altogether. You have the `You can set this programatically by importing the` a few lines later which should be enough

Author: Removed this line!

You can set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to one of the following values to enable logging to `stderr`:

- verbose
- info
- warning
- error

You can also set the log level programatically by importing the `@azure/logger` package and calling the
`setLogLevel` function with one of the log level values.

When setting a log level either programatically or via the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable,

> any logs that are written using a log level equal to or less than the one you choose will be emitted.

Reviewer: An example here would be nice.

Author: Added a code sample!

Reviewer: haha, I meant an example for the statement `logs that are written using a log level equal to or less than the one you choose will be emitted.`

Something like

> For example, when you set the log level to be `info`, the logs that are written for levels `warning` and `error` are also emitted.

On second thoughts, we could add a pointer to our logging policy instead?

I am not in favor of the example to programatically set the log level. The Readme of the logger package will have the relevant code snippets.

Author: Do you mean our TypeScript logging guidelines?

You can alternatively set the `DEBUG` environment variable to get logs when using this library.
This can be useful if you also want to emit logs from the dependencies `rhea-promise` and `rhea` as well.

- Getting debug logs from the Event Hubs SDK.

```bash

> export DEBUG=azure*

Reviewer: Isnt this same as setting `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` to `verbose`?
Should we include examples for `DEBUG` only if it provides a different value than `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL`?

Author: Updated the example.

> export DEBUG=azure*,rhea*

Reviewer: What happens if DEBUG is set to rhea* and AZURE_LOG_LEVEL is set to info
Do we get both? Or one takes precedence over the other?

Author: Based on my testing we do get both.

Author: I added a note: 

> **Note:** AZURE_LOG_LEVEL, if set, takes precedence over DEBUG.
Do not specify any `azure` libraries via DEBUG when also specifying
AZURE_LOG_LEVEL or calling setLogLevel.

```

> - If you are **not interested in viewing the raw event data** (which consumes lot of console/disk space) then you can set the `DEBUG` environment variable as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you are **not interested in viewing the raw event data** (which consumes a large amount of console/disk space) then you can set the `DEBUG` environment variable as follows:
```

export DEBUG=azure*,rhea*
```

- If you are **not interested in viewing the raw event data** (which consumes a large amount of console/disk space) then you can set the `DEBUG` environment variable as follows:

```bash
export DEBUG=azure*,rhea*,-rhea:raw,-rhea:message
```

- If you are interested only in **errors** and SDK **warnings**, then you can set the `DEBUG` environment variable as follows:

```bash

> export DEBUG=azure:(event-hubs|core-amqp):(error|warning),rhea-promise:error,rhea:events,rhea:frames,rhea:io,rhea:flow

Reviewer: Can we not skip the event hubs and core amqp reference here and have
`azure:*:(error|warning)`?

Author: You're right, that would work.
